Dear Referee,

Thank you for your honest review of our manuscript.  It allowed us to find
the weaknesses in the description of our work and to perform a detailed
reformulation of both the text and the experiment.

After the changes we made following your suggestions, we expect it is more
clear and better presented.  In summary, this new version is focused on the
formal description and a clear presentation of the model, the experiment 
and the conclusions. We have also developed an
updated version of our code, which allowed us to perform a more complete
experimental setting where we can explore new regions in the parameter space.

In what follows we detail the changes with respect to the former version of
the manuscript:
 

Writting
--------

We have revised the text on a word by word basis, using tools to check for
grammar, style and readability. We have also restructured the text aiming at a
better development of the ideas and trying to deliver a smoothed out writting.
Also, we have made the manuscript read by colleagues and made changes on the
portions of the text that were less easily understood.
 

Software
--------

We have completely rewritten the code following several standards of 
software engineering to build metrics for code quality assurance.

The package, now dubbed HEARSAY, is publically available through a GitHub
repository and has a detailed documentation on a readthedocs page, which is
standard for python projects.  A new functionality has been added that allows to
perform parallel computations and take advantage of computational clusters.

The documentation has guided tutorials to make simple runs of the simulations
with a few lines of code, and to have a sense on the time required for a suite
of simulations on any hardware setting.


Experimental setting
--------------------

We have expanded the range of the parameters with respect to the previous
version.  For a better organization of the results, we show different regions
of the parameter space on the different Figures.

In particular, we have changed the region defined as the 
Galactic Habitable Zone in some experiments.

The Figures are prepared to show different trends in the model.  Given the
wide range of parameters, we use different ranges to highlight the main
results of the imlpementation of the model.


